# Sanjay's App (sanjays_app)

## PaperPal

### Introduction

PaperPal is a multi-agent AI assistant built to streamline academic and technical research workflows. Given a topic, it autonomously searches, summarizes, critiques, and simplifies recent literature — delivering insights that are both deep and accessible. It's designed to help users, from researchers to non-experts, stay informed without being overwhelmed.

### Agents

1. Planner Agent: Breaks down the query into subtasks.

2. Scholar Agent: Fetches relevant papers / articles by calling Semantic Scholar API.

3. Perplexity Agent: Fetches latest news and featured work by calling Perplexity API.

4. Summarizer Agent: Gets data from Scholar Agent and Perplexity Agent, and creates a summary out of it.

5. Critic Agent: Checks quality, biases, and gaps in the existing work.

6. Report Generation Agent: Gets summary from Summarizer Agent and critics from Critic Agent, and generates a report on it.

7. RAG Agent: Builds a RAG pipeline on the report generated by Report Generation Agent

### Tools

1. Perplexity
   
   1. Following are the Python scripts to call Perplexity API:
      
      1. [perplexity_caller_non_streaming.py](https://github.com/sansinghsanjay/sanjays_app/blob/main/PaperPal/misc/perplexity_caller_non_streaming.py "perplexity_caller_non_streaming.py"): [RECOMMENDED] Makes non-streaming call to Perplexity API.
      2. [perplexity_caller_streaming.py](https://github.com/sansinghsanjay/sanjays_app/blob/main/PaperPal/misc/perplexity_caller_streaming.py "perplexity_caller_streaming.py"): Makes streaming call to Perplexity API. It doesn't stream word-by-word or in group of words. It repeats the same output in the generation. Thus, it is not recommended.
   
   2. Perplexity Models
